DroneML release (#15)
DroneML/DroneML: README.md

## Installation (prototype)

### Prepare Python environment in QGIS (pre-requisite)

In QGIS, go to `Plugins` > `Python Console`.

Run the following Python code to install the dependencies required by the plugin:

```python
!pip install -U segmentmytif
```

Restart QGIS for changes to your Python package installation to take effect.

### Install DroneML plugin from ZIP

> Dowload the [ZIP file of DroneML](LINK_TO_GITHUB_RELEASE/TO_BE_ADDED).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dowload the [ZIP file of DroneML](https://github.com/DroneML/segmentmytif/releases/tag/v0.2.2).
```

> Dowload the [ZIP file of DroneML](LINK_TO_GITHUB_RELEASE/TO_BE_ADDED).

Reviewer: There is another option. We can download the the zip of the current repo using https://github.com/DroneML/DroneML/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

Author: Wow! I did not know about this. Quite useful! But in the doc, I would still like to put in the release zip, since it gives control on the version. What do you think?

## Getting Started

The interface of DroneML plugin is as below:

![droneml_ui_image](droneml_ui_image.png)

With the following input fields:

- Raster layer for training: The input raster layer in your QGIS project that will be used for training the model.
- Vector layer for positive/negative labels: The input vector layer in your QGIS project for positive/negative labels. Should be ploygon or multi-polygons.
-Feature type: The feature type of the input vector layer. By default "FLAIR". "IDENTITY" means use the original raster layer as the feature.
- Compute mode: The mode of computation.
  - "Normal": read in all the data and perform the computation. Suitable for small datasets that fits in memory.
  - "Parallel": read in data in chunks and perform the computation with several chunks together. Suitable for medium-sized datasets, where we assume several chunks can fit in memory.
  - "Safe": read in data in chunks, perform the computation with one chunk at a time. Suitable for large datasets that do not fit in memory.
- Chunk size: The size of the chunk to be read in. Only used in "Parallel" and "Safe" mode.

> - Overlap: The overlap between chunks when performing feaure extraction. Only used in "Parallel" and "Safe" mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Overlap: The overlap between chunks when performing feature extraction. Only used in "Parallel" and "Safe" mode. Because of possible edge effects, a minimum overlap of 20 is recommended.
```
